metrics(plots): regular udpates & terminology (#1848)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/plots/diff.md

This command is a way to visualize the "difference" between metrics among
experiments in the <abbr>repository</abbr> history, by plotting multiple

> versions of them. All plots defined in `dvc.yaml` are used by default.

Author: Rolling this one back
```suggestion
versions of the metrics. All plots defined in `dvc.yaml` are used by default.
```

versions of the metrics. All plots defined in `dvc.yaml` are used by default.

> Note that unlike `dvc metrics diff`, this command does not calculate numeric

> > differences between metrics file values.

Author: - [ ] Need to apply this everywhere, actually.

Author: Applied metric->metrics (file) everywhere in docs now!
